Alright guys, let's get this show
rolling. Welcome to the second
partner meeting of javasam 2023
We'll do this in English because we
are recording and we have
some International Partners. So we'll be
trying to keep this this meeting as a general source
of information for afterwards as well for mostly
of what you that's also
our partners were not able to to be here hit us
today.
With me I have
right side here Amish, which is the lead
of Zone Marek, which
is the leader of the program committee and ever which
is responsible for the design and forever.
So me and Communications.
And my name is yet Dale and I'm the partner responsible or
contact or lesson or whatever. You want
to call it. We also have
Percentages from our event partner maximum in
the room. There are not visible on the screen here,
but they are here to help us send to you to answer
any questions which might sort of fit into their area
which you might ask us.
on the
bottom right part of the of the screen
you will find a Q&A and a chat you can use
either one, but we prefer chat to send questions to
us. You have to send them to all panelists.
And then on the share will pick them up and and we'll
answer any questions
you might have after the presentation has been
made.
oops
Ariel so this is the agenda for the
The meeting will
start but some information from our
organization committee on where
we are at right now and and sort of the progress
of the planning for
Yellowstone.
We will have a presentation of the visual design for Amazon or
the whole design. So to speak not
just the visual things so for 2018.
They talk about the partner tickets. We will
talk about the stance selection how that works. We will
review the important dates towards the
conference and then we'll finish off with a
Q&A in the end.
all right, so first of all
That was on 2020 trees completely sold
out to three or four days for for
the the open regular tickets
to be sold out. We didn't release
all that many because we be kept a
big pool for you guys. So so we have a lot of tickets available
for you, but we
do have a waiting list for both the regular tickets and for
Partnerships. It's been
a president that I amount of attention and
and people or
companies wanting to be partners this year.
So so we are flabbergasted and really really
happy with the attention. They're getting ask the
companies.
Most of the or at least quite a bit of the
planning and preparation for javasone is done
during workshops, which we have on Saturdays. Typically.
We had one on January 21st,
and we have a new one on the march
on March 25th.
So we said it before we will say
it again. I will keep fixing it. If anyone
Elder employees would like
to to join us in planning and and creating
deloson Tipton that there
is an event on March to the list. It's they're out
there.
On on meetup.com so you can can join
there and and come join us on
create tell us all it's it's fun. It's it's much work
as you want to put in it really but we have
a lot of fun doing this we plan all day
and work all day Saturday and then we have a nice meal
and being in the afternoon and evening and then
they go out and well party all night.
A program committee. I'm Mark
here with me he'll be able to ask you answer any questions
you have afterwards, but the short story
is that we are on track. We have lots of talks coming in from
the work is progressing nicely.
And I'd like to to tell you
that the deadline is as April 17th. So
ensure that the people in your organization which wants
to do.
Talks on javasone that they have the call for speaker
or the presentation.
delivered by April 17th
So you have all of Easter to do it, but it's also another
tip here get it in now because right
now there's a much more easy to
get that attention of Mark and his
team because there's lots of lots of
presentations being delivered the last days
before for representing.
You're gonna have javasone for kids again this year. It's on
the Sunday right before javasol the
September the 3rd.
You have any anyone in your organization which
are interested in and this and holding our workshop
for the kids send an email to us on Java
song?
All right, so our design we should
decide for Java. So 2023.
It's the amazing Java song
Circus scene.
So this is the setup lots
of fun stuff juggling power
whatever circus bits
you can fit into to Spectrum. No,
there won't be any elephants.
It's not space there and it's not morally right
for us either so we'll keep it to to to
people and
Yeah, the activities you can get into.
More information on this if you like you can I can
ask create a little will present it the setup here
for for the backdrops in your stance. You can
just use this if you like to and maximum will be
helpful a little bit with providing you with a details
on on
Pictures and what you need to to get
it working?
So these are then slogans.
Yeah, be creative have some fun and engaging stance Embrace
inclusivity and diversity and
enthusiasm and
being engaged me. So all those things are
what we like to you to do on the understands. That's what we like
the speakers to do when they're doing their speaks. That's what we in.
Jobin is gonna be doing towards you guys, hopefully
So that's the the gift of jealous on
2023.
All right, so down to the to the details partner tickets,
like I told you earlier
we are all sold out of regular tickets. That's a lot
due to the fact that most of
tickets are then in a pool for you guys.
The speakers will get free tickets. There are
four flexible tickets per partner for stand
management. Those tickets
are intended for for keeping the
stand amount at all times. They're not
intended for for participating in in the talks.
So
We ask you to to adhere to
the center because we haven't taken this
this tickets are not in sort of in the account
towards how full the presentation rooms
will be. So it's very very nice. If you can keep those tickets
just to to the sound personal but they're
flexible. So so you can jiggle them
around your your employees during the conference to
to ensure that you are able to keep people
on your stand at all times.
Um, we will open the year registration for for tickets. Now,
it's open already. You can use the
form under there. I'll send this to
you afterwards. So we don't have to to write it down right now. It's nasty URL.
So that's probably easier for
us to share it with you on on email after
the meeting.
We never had this many partners like we have today so so
The we call it registration for Ticket applications
this year. We will collect your your
applications until the
May the 15th, and if
If you are want more tickets than we are able to accommodate we
have to to set a cap.
On how many tickets we can
give out per partner?
So how this works is that if we if you have a demand
for for more tickets, it's you're gonna figure
out how what's the maximum number? I'll take it
for a partner is
No, but this deadline is
before it used to be. Yeah, it's an early deadline.
We need this because after listed
on
us passed and we have gotten the tickets located to
you guys. We will we will
release any remaining tickets to the General
Public.
because
there are a lot of companies which have
really wanted to be partners this year but was
too late so they're waiting list for partnership and a lot of those have
been dipping. Yeah ticket requests. Also,
they are on the on the patients for
for the sort of outside partner tickets. So we are
going to be sold out totally this year. So we
want to to get this
done get its sorted as soon as us as
possible.
So yeah, get your your applications
in as soon as possible.
We have a question here is the price per
ticket 7190 for
all tickets. If you buy 50 one or is the
first ticket for the lowest price and the others for the
seven five Nifty five seven five and 90
and 7390. Yeah, and the
answer is that if you buy 51 tickets
all the tickets will cost seven. Well
one night.
So yes, it's a cheaper to buy a
51 than 50.
All right
moving on stand selection.
Iraq after Easter maximum is gonna be contracting
each and one of you just like
the stance it will be done in drawer same
order that we allocated us partners.
It's being started the
partners which was registered before January
6 have been placed in random order and
the partners after six have been
ordered by the registration date.
You have to have paid invoice before
we will allocate the stand to you. So if
we pass the week of April 10th,
and you are not paid your inverse, you will be placed
on the bottom of the list.
And we will not allocate any sound before it was
has been been paid.
The South selection uses seven software by maximum. It's
yeah.
Most of you have been doing this before it's the same system, I guess.
This is a surprise. So yeah, yeah. Okay.
So from the sideline here, this is
the Expo layout for for
this year. We've made
for you. We've made only six
square meters stance available in
the middle.
So you can see all the squares are divided into
four four stands that are
six square meters in total. So for
you guys when you are going to
choose your stand location, this will be we
will send this sketch out and it will be numbered so
that you can choose your top three choices before
we move along to the next partners.
So, please note if you have Wall design
on stock with us that you
choose your left or right hand
side side wall correctly as you choose
your standard location. We will also help you and provide
mock-ups of your stand from
2022 or earlier if we
have that on stock.
So the difference now from from
previous years is that
we have taken the restaurant stand
areas.
And divided them more so you
actually get more of a partner area to play
with then you have previously so as
you can see at the bottom of the sketch,
there are three restaurants marked. So
the the small L is
the actual serving desks for
the restaurant where we put the food and on
the to the right of those stands. The
gray area is actually your partner area.
Which is bigger than previous years. The seating
has been taken out of the partner area.
So you won't have to juggle between seats and
and messy tables as people move
into your stand.
So it's a bigger space for you to play with.
And and to put furniture and games and Circus theme
the competitions and funds
and and games.
We will also provide the
restaurants that partners with all relevant information
before you choose your stand location.
So if you have any questions, just feel free to contact us.
Yeah, and
we have only three types of stance. So
to speak we have the standard stance the concept
stands and the restaurant stands but in
standard stance we have included The West Wing
stance which are the four stands on
the on the left side there a little bit more out side
of the Expo that they are bigger. So I'm
guessing they are around 10 12 12
scary images and give you more more space
for your your Concepts.
We will take consideration in
trying to pull people in there with the
things like.
popular
foodstuffs popular like coffee
stance things like this. We will
do our best to ensure that this traffic also
on the side the best thing.
stands
and in addition to sort of this downstairs. I don't
know if you have done this next.
Maybe no and addition to
to to to the yeah we
go. Oh, yeah.
In addition to the stance that you can see here on the downstairs.
There are two stands in the donut. They
are also considered standard stance. So if you
have been allocated a standard stamp if standard
partner package those are
available for you to choose from there is
one in each M upstairs. It's
It's very sort of freeform sound. It's
only we need to adhere to to fire regulations.
And we need to ensure that that it's
possible for people to walk past it. That's very good
flow. But but it's gonna be a lot of traffic going to
from there and it's going to be potential for
you guys to have
Whatever kind of concept standard or
standard standard standing one that I want to do up there.
It's it's much more more open for your own sort
of definitions than the more regulated stance
down in the in the Expo.
So anyone with a standard cast and can
select either exposed and or or visiting stand
or don't understand but if you are down near
the bottom of the list, it's likely that some
of this options have been then sold
out before it's your turn.
So so it could you could end up better
than something else done what you had to have had in mind
in that case.
All right. We'll move on.
These are important dates towards towards the
conference the main conference itself. It's
September 6 to 7th. It's with a
workshop on the day before and covers on
kids on the Sunday before the conference.
Google speakers is open now and it will end on
April 17th applications for
partner tickets is also open now and I'll end on May
the 15th and standard location. It will start in
the week just after Easter. So maybe not
on the 10th because that's a red day in the calendar.
But during that week maximum will
be reaching out to you. Maybe I don't know it takes for one or two
weeks agree.
But it's gonna we're gonna start them and we'll
see how long it takes before before we've done it all
all the partners.
The next partner meeting will be in June hopefully.
Hopefully with the testing of the food. Yes. Yeah, so that's
what fear aiming for it. We can't guarantee.
Yes, but that's what we want to immediate here. Obviously
virtual food. Isn't that interesting?
Okay, so that's it.
Welcome to job amazing travel zone. Also Spectrum September
6th and 7th.
No, there aren't any more questions as of no,
but if you have them.
Send them to all that and this in chat, or of
course if you remember something later, you
can always email us.
Oh, yeah, and that email is the same as before. It's partner.
Java.no.
Yep.
Yeah, there's no more questions. We'll wrap it up there.
Okay, there is one. I need some
practical information about The Stance measurements on
a teammates say anything. Yes, before
we start allocating the
stand locations. We will
send send you all relevant information about
sizes and and
layouts of all the all the stands
available both on the main floor The West
Wing and the two ones up in
the donuts the email will also.
container link to our partner website
Which will hold all relevant information about rigging
sending materials to The Venue how to
set up and dismantle and also tips on
how to send your wall design
and and PDFs for
that. So we will make sure you have all
that before we start placing Partners in the Expo area.
So another if you could say
short on what this included in the stand and
to have to yes right for all
stands include the the carpets on
the floor for the stand area the square
meters that you have available double power
outlet one or two
bar tables with bars bar
chairs.
And spots on the walls
on the wall for the for your design.
And of course the four partner flexible partner tickets.
maximum will be your
Your contact for for everything else.
You can bring your own thing, but
maximum will help you reflect
you whether we're selling in the stuff in
your and your stand definitely we do have some restrictions regarding
Heights and and also
regarding marketing material
that you might want to bring. So but we will
make sure that's clear and and available for
you before you start the real hardcore planning
of your business. Yeah. I also noise.
also noise
there because some of this the stands are very close to
to the presentation rooms. So we're not
least during the presentations noise suspects. So
minimum. Yeah.
alright
Thank you everybody for for attending and make some
cool circumstance for us and we'll
have a great and amazing job Zone in September.